Fix kinesis ingestion bugs (#10761)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kinesis-ingestion.md

| `repartitionTransitionDuration`       | ISO8601 Period | When shards are split or merged, the supervisor will recompute shard -> task group mappings, and signal any running tasks created under the old mappings to stop early at (current time + `repartitionTransitionDuration`). Stopping the tasks early allows Druid to begin reading from the new shards more quickly. The repartition transition wait time controlled by this property gives the stream additional time to write records to the new shards after the split/merge, which helps avoid the issues with empty shard handling described at https://github.com/apache/druid/issues/7600.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | no, (default == PT2M)                                                                                        |

> | `offsetFetchPeriod`                   | ISO8601 Period | How often the supervisor queries Kinesis and the indexing tasks to fetch current offsets and calculate lag. If value provided by user is below the minimum value (`PT5S`), user provided value is ignored and minimum value is used instead.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | no (default == PT30S, min == PT5S)                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `offsetFetchPeriod`                   | ISO8601 Period | How often the supervisor queries Kinesis and the indexing tasks to fetch current offsets and calculate lag. If the user-specified value is below the minimum value (`PT5S`), the supervisor ignores the the value and uses the minimum value instead.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | no (default == PT30S, min == PT5S)                                                                           |
```
